:lab_coat: Lab sequential logic --- Create (#176)
jameshughes89/cs2XX-ComputerArchitecture: site/labs/logic/sequential-logic.rst

****************
Sequential Logic
****************

* Feel free to use your laptop
* You are strongly encourage to work with others

    * When you get stuck, ask those sitting around you for help
    * Get used to working together in the labs
    * Peer teaching and peer learning has been empirically shown to be very effective

For these questions, feel free to use a single Digital workspace for all the circuits. However, label each circuit with
labelled rectangles. These are components that can be found under "Components -> Misc. -> Decoration -> Rectangle".

Where possible, each question should have complete tests. The test component can be found under "Components -> Misc. ->

> Test case". Once a test component is placed on the workspace, righ`t click on the component to edit the test data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Test case". Once a test component is placed on the workspace, right click on the component to edit the test data.
```

Questions may have restrictions on the logic gates that may be used. When restrictions are stated, they only apply to
the gates; inputs, outputs, wires, etc. may be still be used.

Latches & Flip-Flops
====================

#. Create a S-R Latch

    * Play with the circuit enough to become comfortable with all possible states and inputs
    * Do not forget to include tests for all circuits

#. Create a D latch

    * Simplify the circuit by eliminating the :math:`\lnot Q` output
    * Play with the circuit enough to become comfortable with all possible states and inputs

#. Create a D latch with Enable

    * Add a "Data Graph" component to the design

>         * Can be found under "Components -> IO -> Data Graph"

Reviewer: minor, these menu paths are formatted inconsistently. I think I'd personally go with bold, no quotes.
